I could not get the add to cart feature to work.  Mostly I am unsure of what needs to be in the HTTP post request.  I'm a little confused by the API listing.  If you would like to give me a hint, I can iterate and retry the post request.  My post requests were able to get a response from the server, but I couldn't get anything into the cart

  
In addition to this issue, below are some of the overall issues I have with the app, just for reference on what I could do better if given more time:
1. The UI is a little boring - Something that in the requirements wasn't a priority, but I still think it should be nicer
2. Sometimes the app gets sleepy - the ui will go black sometimes when its trying to parse JSON code.  This is something I could fix with more efficient code. Which brings me to..
3. The code could be more efficient - I tried to move as fast as possible when developing, so that kind of resulted in a "move fast and break things" style of coding.  Some pieces could be made much more efficient if I had more time to plan ahead.
4. The loading bar implementation is hacky - I couldn't quite get this right, so instead of showing a loading bar during a async task like I planned, I hacked together a solution with a static member variable
5.  Too much redundancy in data - I'm not happy with the amount of redundancy in my storage of the data, I think it's too much and it slows my code down.  This again results from trying to move fast and not having much time for planning.
6. Too much redundancy in code - I tried to make use of as much code reuse as possible, but on occasion, I took the easy way out and copy/pasted when I could have come up with a more elegant solution.  Again, given more time this is something I would fix.
7. Navigation - the navigation is primarily by popping the activity stack, there should be other ways to navigate
8. Action Bar - Navigation buttons, better looking, better titles etc.
9. There are probably crashes - All of the crashes and bugs that I have found I have fixed, but I am sure there are some that I did not test.  In those scenarios I have attempted to have the app fail gracefully, but sometimes that will not be the case and the app will just die.
  


